On Windows, set name of Window Class, closes #2977 (#2978)
rust-windowing/winit: FEATURES.md

## Platform
### Windows

> * Setting the name of the Window Class used When creating the window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting the name of the internal window class
```
